my next reccomendation is the 2023 album "STOP SCARING THE HOES" a joint venture between underground rapper and producer JPEG Mafia and one of his biggest insparations in the underground rapper/producer Danny Brown. The album is a mix of Industrial Hip-hop and Glitch-Hop with samples containing everything from 2000's R&B, Smooth Jazz, and even gospel. Each song feels like you are ridding a roller coaster on a rickity track as you quickly bounce between sparadic beats and cutting vocal performances. The material on the project has heavy influence from internet culture which can be best exemplified in the Album and song tittles. Songs include references to internet content creators in "Lean beef patty" and humerous plays on modern trends with titles like "Jack Harllow combo meal" the tittle itself "STOP SCARING THE HOES" refers to their style of music being too bombastic to be commerically viable and repels a mainstream audience or that you "cant play their music around other people". The actual performances are eaqually as tounge and cheek. With witty punch lines and topical mentions and name drops. JPEG and Danny are able to maintain a perfect tempo passing the mic back and forth taking turns rapping over these layerd and evolving beats. Higlights include BURFICT, KINGDOM HEARTS KEY, and FENTYNALL TESTER. It declines a little with ORANGE JUICE JONES and can be difficult to relisten to certain more abstract or aggresive songs like WHERE YALL GET YOUR COKE FROM. Overall its a high energy listen with unique and fluid production, and sharp tight perfomances. Highly Recommend you listen if you are a fan of Undrgound Hip-Hop, Alteritive Rap, Internet Rap or just Industrial muisic in general
